gh-60107: avoid `io.RawIOBase.read` from reading into a temporary bytearray (#138616)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C_API/2025-09-07-10-52-09.gh-issue-60107.dhcb2Y.rst

> Read directly to bytes object

Reviewer: This NEWS entry does not indicate anything. For now, I suggest removing the NEWS entry because I don't have a good wording.

> * gh-60107: avoid io.RawIOBase.read from reading into a temporary bytearray (author: taskevich)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid :meth:`io.RawIOBase.read` from reading into a temporary :class:`bytearray`
when calling its own :meth:`io.RawIOBase.readinto` internally. Patch by taskevich.
```

And move this blurb entry to `Library` instead of `C API`.

> Avoid :meth:`io.RawIOBase.read` from reading into a temporary :class:`bytearray`

Reviewer: You can delete this file.
